# Not a Bug

**I can’t add a video header to my theme**: While WordPress 4.7 does introduce video headers, the theme you’re using must be [built to support video headers](https://make.wordpress.org/core/2016/11/26/video-headers-in-4-7/). Contact your theme’s developer for details.

**I can’t see the other Customizer features detailed in the release post**: As with the video headers, the theme you’re using must be [built to support these](https://make.wordpress.org/core/2016/11/30/customizer-improvements-in-4-7/). Contact your theme’s developer for details.

**I don’t see PDF previews**: Although PDF previews are now a possibility, any already uploaded PDFs will not display thumbnails, and your server will have to be configured to support them (This means you need Imagik, ImageMagick and Ghostscript for thumbnails to be generated for you).

**Alternative texts are no longer created automatically for my images**: The alternative text auto-generated by WordPress was not good for accessibility, this is why [we changed this to instead have a blank value](https://make.wordpress.org/core/2016/11/11/improving-accessibility-of-image-alternative-text-in-4-7/) (defining it as merely a visual element and not an important part) by default. This means we leave it to the poster to define the appropriate text for assistive technologies to use.

**The language of wp-admin changed**: With 4.7, we’ve introduced the ability to [change your personal languages preference](https://make.wordpress.org/core/2016/11/07/user-admin-languages-and-locale-switching-in-4-7/) for the admin areas. You may have saved your profile with a new language chosen, or the default language was not what you expected it to be.

**Feature buttons are missing from the editor**: To encourage proper use of HTML elements, and to reduce the misuse of confusing elements (such as underlines for example), the [toolbars have been rearranged](https://make.wordpress.org/core/2016/10/28/editor-changes-in-4-7/) (and some options removed, although their keyboard shortcuts will continue to work as expected), and may be found by extending the toolbar at the top to show both lines of options.

**Additional CSS isn’t working**: If you are running Jetpack, make sure you’ve updated it as it previously provided a feature like this, which should not seamlessly move over to the WordPress version.

**My virus scanning tool thinks WP 4.7 is a virus**: Their library definitions aren’t updated yet. If you downloaded from WordPress.org, you’re fine. The same goes for any security plugins. Upgrade them and check again.

**I don’t have the new default theme, Twenty Seventeen**: Unfortunately it seems the new default theme was not included in the update package for existing users, but you can grab a copy your self by going to `Appearance > Themes > Add new`